Adds using CLI for Microsoft 365 in PowerShell guidance (#6664)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/user-guide/using-cli.mdx

Author: moved

## Disable automatic checking for updates

Each time you run CLI for Microsoft 365, it will automatically check if there is a new version available and prompt you with update instructions if that's the case. If you use CLI for Microsoft 365 in CI/CD or in scripts and want to make it run faster, you can disable the check by setting the `CLIMICROSOFT365_NOUPDATE` environment variable to `1`.

## Using CLI for Microsoft 365 in PowerShell

> CLI for Microsoft 365 by default outputs errors to stderr. Unfrortunately, PowerShell doesn't handle stderr as well as other shells. Also in case of command errors PowerShell does not break execution and may still continue even after setting `$ErrorActionPreference = "Stop"`. In order to overcome those problems you may use the following settings and helper method.

Reviewer: Let's rephrase _doesn't handle stderr as well as other shells_. It's not about doing it well, PowerShell simply works differently, and has 6 output streams. More info: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/learn/shell/running-commands?view=powershell-7.5#handling-output-and-errors.

I also wonder, if we should mention the new `PSNativeCommand...` settings.

Author: @waldekmastykarz from what we last time checked setting the `$PSNativeCommandUseErrorActionPreference` to true will indeed force CLI to respect the `$ErrorActionPreference` set. The problem is the error are thrown, but the error text is currently not visible in the thrown error 🤔. But this was quite some time since I checked that. Maybe it got somehow better now 🤔

as for the rephrase how about:
"CLI for Microsoft 365 by default outputs errors to stderr. PowerShell, unlike other shells, works differently as it has six distinct output streams. This behavior can lead to unexpected results, such as PowerShell continuing execution even after setting $ErrorActionPreference = "Stop". For more information on PowerShell's output streams, see [Handling output and errors](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/learn/shell/running-commands?view=powershell-7.5#handling-output-and-errors). To address these differences, you can use the following settings and helper method."

would that work?

> CLI for Microsoft 365 by default outputs errors to stderr. Unfrortunately, PowerShell doesn't handle stderr as well as other shells. Also in case of command errors PowerShell does not break execution and may still continue even after setting `$ErrorActionPreference = "Stop"`. In order to overcome those problems you may use the following settings and helper method.

Author: ```suggestion
CLI for Microsoft 365 by default outputs errors to stderr. PowerShell, unlike other shells, works differently as it has six distinct output streams. This behavior can lead to unexpected results, such as PowerShell continuing execution even after setting $ErrorActionPreference = "Stop". For more information on PowerShell's output streams, see [Handling output and errors](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/learn/shell/running-commands?view=powershell-7.5#handling-output-and-errors). To address these differences, you can use the following settings and helper method.
```

```PowerShell

>   m365 cli config set --key output --value json # setting output to json

Reviewer: Let's remove the unnecessary indenting from the snippet. Same for the next one.

  m365 cli config set --key errorOutput --value stdout # changing error output to stdout

>   m365 cli config set --key showHelpOnFailure --value false # don't show help on command failure

Reviewer: Is this necessary for use in PowerShell or a personal preference?

Author: it is necessary:
- we need the error message to be part of stdout not stderr
- we need the output to be json format always since we `| ConvertFrom-Json` the output every time
- the aim of this guide is to provide a helper method to use CLI in PS script. In case of script execution showing help information on failure does not make sense and if the script saves logs it just brings more confusion in the log file which is not needed.
